[ADD] mail_single_send_several_recipients module (#128)
akretion/odoo-usability: mail_single_send_several_recipients/README.rst

Mail Single Send with Several Recipients
========================================

With this module, when there are several recipients,

> Odoo send only one e-mail with all the addressees and no, one email per address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo sends only one single e-mail with all the addressees and instead of one email per address.
```
